Edits to submission guide's installation instructions (#924)
tableau/connector-plugin-sdk: docs/templates/tableau-server-flow-template.md

---

> title: Tableau Server (Flow web authoring) Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Tableau Server (Flow web authoring) Installation Instructions Template
```

---

1. Download the Connector file (.taco).

> 2. Move the .taco file to: `[Tableau_Server_Installation_Directory]/data/tabsvc/flowqueryservice/Connectors`

Reviewer: For a multi-node Tableau server, the taco needs to be placed in the correct folders for each server node, otherwise the connector won't be installed properly.

3. Start Tableau and under **Connect**, select the `[Connector Name]` connector. (**Note**: You will be prompted if the driver is not yet installed.)
4. Go to the [Driver Download](https://www.driverdownloadlinkhere.com) page.
5. Download the `[Connector Name]` Driver .jar file.
6. Install following the instructions in the readme provided with the client installation. Ensure the 64-bit client version is installed.

> 7. Relaunch Tableau and connect using the `[Connector Name]` connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Restart Tableau Server and connect using the `[Connector Name]` connector.
```
